c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\VJOMS.exe.config
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\VJOMS.exe
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\VJOMS.pdb
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.exe
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.pdb
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.frmDashboard.resources
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.dll
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.dll
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.xml
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.xml
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\edrian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.exe.licenses
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.frmaddJO.resources
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.frmJOReport.resources
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VJOMS\VJOMS\obj\Debug\VJOMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
